# Roll call
## Attendees

- Andre de Waal ( Chairperson )
- Aric LaBarr
- Zack Ives

## Regrets

 - Ana Echeverri
 - David Mongeau
 - Goutam Chakraborty
 - James Harroun
 - Susan Davidson

## Agenda

- Reaching out effort to continute with more universities
  - Imperial College London (bootcamp)
  - Birmingham City University (start using modules as additional content immediately)
- Created a new topology
  - Data Use Case
  - Use case has a very specific meaning in software and systems engineering
- TWIMLfest 2020
  - Ana and Jennifer on AI Education panel Thu 10/29/2020 3:45 PM - 5:00 PM		
  - https://twimlai.com/twimlfest/
- Data Con LA 2020
  - Andre to present OpenDS4all
  - Oct 24th between 4:15 PM - 4:55 PM Pacific (recorded)
  - https://www.dataconla.com/
- Framework document
  - Should we accept it?
  - In which category to place it?
    - Instructor resources
  - What should be the name? 
    - DATA-SCIENCE-FRAMEWORK-Systems-Value-Design-Analytics-Practice.pdf 
- Next meeting in two weeks

## AI

- Andre to work with faculty member on updating the submitted framawork document

## Notes

- Reaching out effort to continute with more universities
  - Continue outreach with universities in the UK and Canada
- Created a new topology
  - Stick to the term Use Case and perhaps divide into smaller categories later
- TWIMLfest 2020
  - Good publicity for OpenDS4All
- Data Con LA 2020
  - Opportunity to recruit adopters and contributors
- Framework document
  - Like the content
  - Work with the faculty member to make the framework more generic 
  - Less University of Virginia and School of Data Science branding
  - Make sure the terminology is consistent across the repository
  - The faculty member may make the required changes or send a pptx version that can be updated
- Next meeting in two weeks
