# Roll call
## Attendees

- Andre de Waal ( Chairperson )
- Ana Echeverri
- Aric Labarr
- Goutam Chakraborty
- James Harroun
- Zack Ives

## Regrets

- David Mongeau
- Jennifer Priestley
- Susan Davidson

## Agenda

- Thank you for a great 2020!
- Growing the OpenDS4All community and attracting contributors
  - OpenDS4All's biggest challenge
  - Q1 of 2021 devoted to attracting contributors
  - Devise plan(s)
- University of Virginia Data Science Framework
  - Should we still try and incorporate the framework document into the repository?
- Redesign of the GitHub Repository landing page
  - Set up a subgroup to think this through?
- Next meeting in 4 weeks (8th of Jan 2021)

## Notes

- Thank you for a great 2020!
  - To UPenn for the initial set of educational modules
  - To everybody else on the TSC for your contributions
- Growing the OpenDS4All community and attracting contributors
  - OpenDS4All's biggest challenge
  - Q1 of 2021 devoted to attracting contributors
  - Devise plan(s)
    - Everyone on the TSC to think of ways to grow the OpenDS4All community and attract contributors
    - Alternative ways to present the OpenDS4All content
      - https://d2l.ai/ (Dive into Deep Learning)
      - https://datapractices.org/ (Datapractices Courseware)
- University of Virginia Data Science Framework
  - Should we still try and incorporate the framework document into the repository?
    - Create a section for successful Data Science models and add the UVA Framework document
    - Aric Labarr to contribute a framework document from a more traditional point of view
    - Write README.md file to put the content in perspective
- Redesign of the GitHub Repository landing page
  - Put on ice for now as we contemplate a new strategy to grow OpenDS4All
- Next meeting in 4 weeks (8th of Jan 2021)

