# Roll call
## Attendees

- Andre de Waal ( Chairperson )
- Ana Echeverri
- Aric LaBarr
- Susan Davidson

## Regrets

James Harroun

## Agenda

- To a successful 2021!
- Growing the OpenDS4All community
  - LF: AI & Data
    - Jim Spohrer ( TAC Chairperson )
    - OpenDS4All a very important to LF: AI & Data
  - DATAPRACTICES.org
    - Patrick McGarry
    - https://datapractices.org
    - Incorporate content from other repo
    - Merge projects
  - Expand the TSC  
  
  ## Notes
  
- Growing the OpenDS4All Community
  - What do we need from faculty?
  - Are we targeting the right groups?
  - Can we reward faculty for contributions?
  - Can we compute metrics for faculty participation?
  - Can we partner with Special Interest Groups (e.g. SIGCSE)?
  - KDDNuggets?
  - LF: AI & Data
    - Tremendous support from LF:AI & Data and Jim Spohrer
    - Andre will have further meetings investigating whether OpenDS4All should include a hosted service for faculty (data sets, use cases, Jupyter Notebooks, etc.)
  - DATAPRACTICES.org
    - Support for merging with DATAPRACTICES.org?!
    - https://datapractices.org
    - Review material and comment on applicability for incorporation of some topics into OpenDS4All!!
- Next meeting in 2 weeks
    
