# Roll call
## Attendees

- Andre de Waal ( Chairperson )
- Ana Echeverri
- Aria Chernik
- Armen Pischdotchian
- James Harroun
- Susan Davidson
- Tom Callaway

## Agenda

- New TSC members
  - Welcome to Tom Callaway (AWS) and Armen Pischdotchian (IBM)
- Congratulations to Zack Ives from UPenn on receiving the IEEE TCDE (Technical Committee of Data Engineering) Award
- University Projects 
  - University of Washington Tacoma Project with MSBA Club Students - AI Fairness
    - Project completed
    - One educational module on AI Fairness (Powerpoint lesson plus two Jupyter Notebooks)
  - Duke AIPI (Artificial Intelligence for Product Innocation) Master of Engineering Campstone Project  - AI Explainability
    - Finalizing PowerPoint slide deck and Jupyter Notebooks    
- LF: AI & Data 
  - 2FA for OpenDS4All maintainers
  - Updating the TSC meeting invite 
- The way forward for OpenDS4All: Discussion
  - From Previous meeting
    - Broaden its scope to include students and faculty from other disciplines and communities, such as the humanities
    - Make the content attractive to non-programming oriented audience by including business modules
    - Facilitate teamwork (if possible)
  - Add more roles focussing on community building, managing contributions, Python notebooks, etc.  
- Next meeting in two weeks

## Notes

- University Projects 
  - University of Washington Tacoma Project with MSBA Club Students - AI Fairness
    - Project completed
    - Preparing an educational module on AI Fairness (Powerpoint lesson plus two Jupyter Notebooks) for incorporation into OpenDS4All
  - Duke AIPI (Artificial Intelligence for Product Innocation) Master of Engineering Campstone Project  - AI Explainability
    - Finalizing PowerPoint slide deck and Jupyter Notebooks 
    - Final presentation and deliverables handover during upcoming week   
- LF: AI & Data 
  - 2FA for OpenDS4All maintainers to be implemented on Monday April 25 
  - Updating the TSC meeting invite 
- The way forward for OpenDS4All: Discussion
  - Survey professors and students to obtain insights into usage and possible improvements (one a year)
  - Create a testing set of programs and a strategy for evaluating new contributions
  - Consider effectiveness of student projects and whether this should be continued
  - Create a communications strategy (conferences, blogs, etc.)  
  - Add more roles focussing on community building, communication, Python standards, new contributions   
- Next meeting in two weeks
